McKees Rocks is the rough-and-tumble area just outside Pittsburgh. My name is Scott Baker, my family has been connected with this community for generations and 1941 my grandfather opened his Bakery here. He called it, Jenny Lee, we used to always go, chanting least after church. If you were good in church, a custard pies homemade bread that was still warm years later. I worked in the store I did.

In cakes. My father Bernie took over after my grandfather retired. I am a baker by name Baker by trade. I started coming in to the bakery with my dad when I was 7 or 8 years old. Absolutely loved it. I remember Scott as young man, he jumped in here was a booming time.

we're just coming up the ramp McKees Rocks Bridge, right Thanksgiving and we heard all the sirens and out and my husband said it's where you work and I was like, no, he said

It is you don't have a job.

I remember pulling up to the bakery and seeing my dad and just the look of Despair was my my life, my employment, to see that all go up in smoke was just overwhelming feeling the fire, followed, by the recession. Made it really hard to hang on. And ultimately, the decision was made to close the doors.

After that I was so frustrated and burnout. It's got you all to just sell cars. Sell Furniture. You can make a very good living. You don't have all the headaches but he didn't. Listen, I started thinking baking is in my blood. It's what we do. We've been baking in this community for five generations. I wanted to try and rebuild the business here in McKees Rocks.

So, I started looking and I learned retail bakeries and today's market or dinosaurs people go to supermarkets. You can find a donut shop on nearly every corner. So I realized we had to do the baking ourselves and then sell it to the stores. But my aha moment was when I learned that one of the top flavor profiles for Sweet, Goods is cinnamon.

I want it to manufacture Gourmet, cinnamon bread.

That would be the foundation of the new business and so I founded the five generation Bakers and branded our bread Jenny Lee swirl bread. But in order to make this thing last I had to learn about some of the things my dad didn't have. So I hired a young kid named Cody. He spearheaded a digital ad campaign and he introduced our product to thousands of new customers on social media. Most days I leave the bakery smelling like cinnamon. Since then we have been one of Pittsburgh's faster

Towing companies, I called him up and I said I want my job back. So I hired her on the spot and of course, I hired my dad back as well. What are we going to get the first order? I'm very proud of them. Keeping it going keeps me young.

You know, I feel that we're really blessed to be able to help the community, but when you think about it, really the community has been helping us for a long time. And I hope it's for another five generations to come.

I'm not good at putting things into words, but it makes me Pride being back with Scott and Bernie making something good again, something they could have never highest. I made that. I'm proud to say that.